i do not stand for racism white
supremacy
or anything of the sort nor do i align
with the beliefs of neo-nazism
i knew someone who has public views that
i do not align with
that hitler was actually probably the
best hero of last century instead of the
epitome of evil
and this saddens me but of course i
don't have control
over the views of everyone that i meet
my beard has gotten considerably longer
since the last time we addressed this
so it must be time for an update
fully raw christina late last night
posted another
statement on instagram clarifying her
position on this
sadly just like the earlier statement
it's full of lies and in fact if you
compare the two statements
it's interesting that her current story
is not even internally
consistent here is a post from
richard burgess's twitter if you don't
know the name richard burgess
he is the infamous youtube commentator
vegan gaines and you will see
that over a year ago getting onto two
years ago now
when he confronted fully raw cristina
about this and he wasn't the first
i was um what fully world christina says
back
is i'm not a racist anti-semite so why
even accuse me of this
john rose introduced me to the new vegan
lifestyle i can be grateful to him for
that
being vegan has changed my life blah
blah blah blah blah the problem
is this is totally inconsistent with
what her story is today
she isn't just minimizing her past
relationship with john rose
she's lying about it and if her current
story were true
she would have responded this by saying
what
what what do you mean john rose's andy
smith what do you mean he's a neo-nazi
what
this is the first time i've ever heard
of this
her current story is that she had no
idea he had these
anti-semitic politically inflammatory
racist views
until afterwards until after her years
and years of collaborating with him
promoting him
praising him as her personal spiritual
guru
and the real holocaust happened to
germany after the war
because they what they had to destroy
proof
what germany was doing they were
flourishing
google or watch the the video hell storm
that's the true holocaust millions and
millions of germans were literally
burned and that's what the word
holocaust means
burned burned alive that's the real
holocaust
and the other jewish holocaust is to
cover up the real german holocaust
what do you do when you holocaust
everybody
you turn around you become the victim
it's the same
thing that daniel quinn points out in
his book ishmael
i do not stand for racism white
supremacy
or anything of the sort nor do i align
with the beliefs of neo-nazism
i knew someone who has public views that
i do not align with
and this saddens me but of course i
don't have control over the views of
everyone that i meet
and those who choose to believe a false
narrative of me
will and those who who really know me
and who have stood by my side
this this message is for you because you
deserve
to hear me stand up and you deserve to
see me stand up for
myself in this way when someone calls
you an
anti-semite it's the same thing as if
someone's calling you a conspiracy
theorist
they're either an imbecile or an
instigator
so when somebody talks about what really
happened at this time
and everyone comes in and starts yelling
anti-semite anti-semite that's a trick
as volterra once said to learn who rules
over you
find out who you're not allowed to
criticize can't criticize
certain groups of people because the
satanists are hiding inside those groups
so this has nothing to do with jews it
has to do with
satanists most of you know i have been
repeatedly
and falsely accused online by trolls and
haters
of being a racist a white supremacist a
holocaust denier and neo-nazi and more
and veg news not only publicly
circulated this information but also
in my opinion stood in solidarity
with the haters by removing me from
their awards ballot and then
announcing it publicly and it doesn't
matter
who they are that's not what we need to
know it's immaterial
we don't need to go punish them and make
them account for the time
all we need to know is how are they
ruling us
how are they doing it money that's why
it's so important
that's why we have trolls coming out
here so if everybody whoever comes out
on my comment section and goes out
anti-semites
that's right out of the hasbro playbook
husband playbook
that's what they do they change the
focus appeal to people's emotions
let's not talk about the real subject
there's only one thing to talk about
what is this the message that we're
supposed to take away from
the real holocaust and the fake
holocaust and and the fact that germa
that hitler was actually
probably the best hero of last century
instead of the epitome of evil
what are we supposed to come away with
that we're supposed to only talk about
one thing
what did they do to get attacked they
broke away
from the people who print our money and
charges the interest for it that's what
they did that's why they were
flourishing
when the rest of us were starving don't
you understand
history is going to repeat itself again
this is too freaking important man
you guys wake the fudge up
this has been an absolute nightmare for
me
i have been disgusted and sickened by
how the situation has been handled
i have also learned much about the group
of haters online who have attacked me in
an
organized fashion and it's the most
hypocritical situation you've ever seen
the hateful messages that i have
received from this debacle
both publicly and privately have been
nothing short of absolute
character defamation and libel well when
i'm doing this video christina
is neither character defamation nor
libel i would say that if people
carefully compare just the two recent
statements you made about this on your
instagram within the last week
they're going to notice that your story
is internally inconsistent they're going
to start to question
and they're going to figure out that
you're a liar and if they compare what
you're saying about john rose today
to what you said about them just two
years ago what you said about him many
years ago
what you said about him when he was
supposedly the guiding light in your
life spiritually
and when you encouraged your million
strong audience to go over to his
youtube channel
and watch his youtube videos and to
accept him also as their personal guru
as their personal savior
to allow him to transform their health
and their philosophy and
light up their biophotons and all this
mystical horseshit
no christina i don't think you're
telling the truth i don't think it's
reasonable
for anyone in the audience to assume
that you had never gone to john rose's
youtube channel yourself
and watched his youtube videos at the
time when you were telling your audience
to do so
nobody can believe that you were that
naive or you were that jejune
and again even in the brief interaction
you had with vegan gains
i'd assume there are several other
interactions like this on the internet
if we comb through and find them
you're not you're not saying oh you had
no idea
that he held these beliefs you knew that
he held these beliefs and you had no
problem with it
you had no problem promoting this man's
diet and this man's philosophy
and as you say feeling gratitude for him
now
cancel culture is to some extent a real
problem and it's to some extent a form
of mass hysteria to which no problem in
the real world
corresponds people who've been watching
this channel for a long time could say
that
i have myself been to some extent a
target of or a victim of
cancer culture i can remember i mean
people made up stories that i was having
a love affair
with a young woman who lived in scotland
i remember saying
she was in her 20s i was like like look
it's completely untrue like i haven't
been to scotland since i was like 15
years old or something i've been to
scholarly distance in the past
i was like if this story were true like
so what
like how can you like how could you
cancel me like in reality if i had a
love for this one would probably both be
on camera talking about it wouldn't be a
secret
but just just so what
you know i've seen scandals be
manufactured out of the details
of people's personal lives that were so
trivial that
nobody should be canceled for them and
i've seen elaborate hoaxes
you know fictions made up out of whole
cloth on the internet yes
to destroy me to destroy my life and to
destroy all kinds of other people
for no good reason at all except that
the members of the audience themselves
enjoy that process of destruction as a
kind of spectator sport
so yeah there's a lot that's sick and
bad and evil and wrong
with the internet christina but you're
part of it this
isn't the case that you did something
completely blameless that you have
nothing to apologize for
and that the internet is tearing you
down and criticizing you for no reason
at
all if you had been honest at every
stage of this process
then sure you probably would have
nothing to apologize for if you just had
come on the internet that the same day
you figured out john rose was a neo-nazi
and you sat there
and said by odin's beard or whatever
curse word used by the dead gods
that you shared how astonished and
betrayed you felt
to discover that someone you had placed
your trust in was a holocaust denier
would be in a totally different
situation today that's not what happened
you continue to support him you continue
to make excuses for his political views
you continue to say that the promotion
of the vegan diet in general
in your particular form of the raw vegan
diet was something
so important that you would continue to
embrace
support and promote someone who was
overtly
a pro-hitler neo-nazi